ActivationValue for RabbitMQ scaler (#733)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.7/scalers/rabbitmq-queue.md

- `queueName` - Name of the queue to read message from.
- `mode` - QueueLength to trigger on number of messages in the queue. MessageRate to trigger on the publish rate into the queue. (Values: `QueueLength`, `MessageRate`)
- `value` - Message backlog or Publish/sec. rate to trigger on.

> - `activationValue` - Min value to activate the scaler. (Default: `0`, Optional)

Reviewer: "Activate the scaler" could be confusing, I guess, WDYT about `Message backlog or Publish/sec. rate to scale from/to zero`?

> - `activationValue` - Min value to activate the scaler. (Default: `0`, Optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `activationValue` - Target value for activating the scaler. Learn more about activation [here](./../concepts/scaling-deployments.md#activating-and-scaling-thresholds).(Default: `0`, Optional, This value can be a float)
```

Reviewer: For the documentation, we are using the same definition for all the scalers, I have suggested it
